Add clip resources to the transformers documentation (#20190)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/clip.mdx

This model was contributed by [valhalla](https://huggingface.co/valhalla). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/openai/CLIP).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with CLIP. If you're
interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we will review it.
The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-to-image"/>
- A blog post on [How to use CLIP to retrieve images from text](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd).

> - A blog bost on [How to use CLIP for Japanese text to image generation](https://huggingface.co/blog/japanese-stable-diffusion).

Reviewer: The first sentence should be something along the lines of "How to fine-tune CLIP on image-text pairs", the second one is not relevant for CLIP, as it's a blog about Stable Diffusion.

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-to-text"/>
- A notebook showing [Video to text matching with CLIP for videos](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/X-CLIP/Video_text_matching_with_X_CLIP.ipynb).

<PipelineTag pipeline="zero-shot-classification"/>

> - A notebook showing [Zero shot video classification using CLIP for video](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/X-CLIP/Zero_shot_classify_a_YouTube_video_with_X_CLIP.ipynb).

Reviewer: These are resources for X-CLIP, not CLIP.

This model was contributed by [valhalla](https://huggingface.co/valhalla). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/openai/CLIP).

## Resources

> A list of official HuggingFace and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with CLIP. If you're

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with CLIP. If you're
```

interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we will review it.
The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-to-image"/>

> - A blog post on [How to use CLIP to retrieve images from text](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd)

Reviewer 2: Add a period to all the list items :)

```suggestion
- A blog post on [How to use CLIP to retrieve images from text](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd).
```

- A blog bost on [How to use CLIP for Japanese text to image generation](https://huggingface.co/blog/japanese-stable-diffusion)

> - A Huggingface space on [Finding best reaction gifs to a given text using CLIP](https://huggingface.co/spaces/flax-community/clip-reply-demo)

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove all links to Spaces since these demonstrate an end result instead of showing users how they can get there. Cool idea though!

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-to-text"/>
- A Huggingface space on [Finding a prompt based on the image](https://huggingface.co/spaces/pharma/CLIP-Interrogator)
- A Huggingface space showing [Guided diffusion using CLIP](https://huggingface.co/spaces/EleutherAI/clip-guided-diffusion)
- A notebook showing [Video to text matching with CLIP for videos](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/2d80e7293ccc417cd4f8f4fcca21ebcbda8f5d8f/X-CLIP/Video_text_matching_with_X_CLIP.ipynb)

<PipelineTag pipeline="zero-shot-classification"/>

> - A notebook showing [Zero shot video classification using CLIP for video](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/2d80e7293ccc417cd4f8f4fcca21ebcbda8f5d8f/X-CLIP/Zero_shot_classify_a_YouTube_video_with_X_CLIP.ipynb)

Reviewer 2: Feel free to link straight to the notebook so users can run the code if they'd like without having to do an additional click

```suggestion
- A notebook showing [Zero shot video classification using CLIP for video](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/X-CLIP/Zero_shot_classify_a_YouTube_video_with_X_CLIP.ipynb)
```

> 🚀 Deploy

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the deploy section entirely since none of these blog posts are specific to deploying CLIP.
